# Roomars manifesto

Think of a world where what you see does not necessarily has to be present. Where the reality around you can be extended on your will.  
When you try to find your way across the city arrows appear on the facade of the buildings, but not permanently. As you take the turn they disappear, and you are the only one to see them. When you try to renovate your apartment, you could see the walls changing and the rooms getting furnished in different styles. Even before you purchase anything you can measure the perfect fit by size and by design. Imagine going to the Natural History Museum and the physical bones of that Tyrannosaurus Rex getting complete in front of your eyes with flesh and skin just as it was 68 million years ago.

It sounds like science fiction. A scene from a recent superhero movie or the Holo Deck from a Star Trek series. But unlike super strength or teleportation, Augmented Reality is real. And the technology is not just available, it is with us already.
In the past couple of years the computing power of microprocessors grew so intensely, nowadays we have devices in our pockets that put the Computers of the Apollo missions to shame. And those lead humans to the Moon. Smart phones are not just for poking Facebook friends or sharing our breakfast on Instagram. The power contained in them enables high quality camera sensors with the help of AI to capture details around us that are sometimes not even visible for the naked eye. Sophisticated image processing algorithms can extract features, calculate distances and create precise 3D maps in real time. This information combined with the other sensors built in, such as GPS, Compass or Gyroscopes and of course state of the art algorithms and Artificial Intelligence leads us where picking up our phones to see multiple layers of Augmented Reality through the lens is not Science Fiction anymore.

The AR revolution have already started, but there is a long way ahead to reach its full capabilities. Smart phone manufacturers like Apple or Samsung have already announced that they will embed their upcoming devices with ToF sensors that will enable us to do near millimetre precision mapping of our environment and 3D object scanning that was only possible with multiple thousand dollar devices before.  
Mathematicians, Scientists and Engineers are working on better and better algorithms to leverage these capabilities, create more hands on experiences, helpful use-cases and applications that will eventually change our life. 
But this is not just about Tech people. Coming up with the scenarios where AR can help, identifying the business needs, creating prototypes, applications, art should not only come from the Technology Experts and Scientists. To make it successful, everybody has to be able to contribute.

We at Roomars want to be part of this AR revolution by providing a platform for anybody to create AR Applications, without the need of programming skills or science background. Map the environment, populate the scenes with images, objects or drawings, stream the changes in real time and share them with others either in the same room or across the world.
Furnish your living room, create an assembly guide, help your customers where to poor that cooling liquid in their rental car and show to millions of kids how a combustion engine works in 3D. Unlike any of the page based instruction guides could ever do.
Augmented reality is literally a new dimension, and Roomars helps you leverage it.


